yes i
finally beaten this game time to have
some dinner
ouch my back i'd better sit back down
okay let's search how i can make sitting
before the pc
easier on my poor body don't use a
regular chair or
arm chair for prolonged work or playing
special office and gaming arm chairs
have an
anatomical shape and they can be
adjusted to fit your frame perfectly
more advanced arm chairs are costlier
too but you're guaranteed not to have
lower back pain with them
[Music]
if you don't feel like buying an
expensive chair at least get some lower
back support
it can be a seat cushion or a chair back
attachment that will hold your back in a
natural position
so you won't get up sore
for neck support the easiest solution is
a travel cushion
this way when you sit back in your chair
the back of your neck won't bend or
strain too much
just make sure the back of your chair is
high enough to support your neck
you can also make a roll of a towel and
attach it to the back of your chair with
let's say adhesive tape it works for
both the lower back
and the neck depending on where you put
the roll
if your legs and especially knees get
tired after sitting for a while
it's best to adjust the height of your
chair the seat
should be high enough for your eyes to
look straight at the screen though
so if it's comfortable for your legs but
you have to look up
better use a small foot rest ideally
your knees should be bent
90 degrees and your feet firmly planted
always pick a monitor with adjustable
height and angle
it will save you the trouble of
adjusting your chair in the first place
by the way the most comfortable position
in an office chair
is with your tailbone pushed all the way
back giving your spine a bit of a
forward curve
this way you can lean back and get up
after an hour or more without feeling
sore
your hands are in an unnatural position
when typing or holding the mouse
buy yourself a mouse pad with wrist
support and a special attachment for the
keyboard
so that your wrists are always straight
otherwise just make improvised cushions
for your wrist
with small roll towels it may be
inconvenient at first
but your hands will feel much better in
the long run
you can also find a vertical mouse in
online stores
it acts like a regular mouse but your
hand is positioned on the side
with your little finger and the side of
your palm as a support
for a relaxed spine it should always be
resting on your chair's back
ideally your forearm should be supported
by the armrests at all times too
this way your shoulders won't be too
tense
[Music]
make the desk work for you install a
sliding shelf for the keyboard
that's exactly at the height for you to
type without lifting your arms
your shoulders will relax as well as
your spine
if you like reading books or playing
games on your smartphone
keep it at eye level it will improve
your posture
and help you avoid neck pain
now you really can't spoil your eyesight
by staring at the screen for hours
but your eye muscles can get tired do
some eye gymnastics every 30 to 40
minutes
and better yet distract yourself with
something to let your eyes rest for a
bit
make sure you don't lean on either side
of the arm chair while working or
playing
your spine's natural position is not
exactly straight
but if you keep it crooked to the side
it will eventually complain by causing
aches and pains
[Music]
if you use your smartphone a lot don't
we all
you probably sometimes feel your thumb
being sore
if that happens weave patterns in the
air with it for a minute or so
fingers don't have muscles in them but
there are joints that may start
complaining because of excessive use
playing or watching videos on a laptop
while lying in bed is super cozy
but it puts a heavy toll on your neck if
you don't want to get out of bed
at least turn onto your belly and prop
your upper body on a pillow
holding your laptop on your lap is also
not the best idea
in this position you're looking
downwards and both your neck and eyes
get tired too easily
just like with desktop computers better
find a position in which your eyes are
level with the screen
by the way there's no position in which
you're looking at the screen straight
and your arms are relaxed when using a
laptop
connect a separate usb or wireless
keyboard to avoid this problem
[Music]
most monitors and phones now have the
eye saver mode
it lowers the blue light from the screen
by adding a yellowish hue to the picture
it's perfect for those who work with
documents a lot and if you want to watch
a movie or play a game
just turn this mode off
keyboard backlighting can also help you
fight the tired eyes
if you have to look at the keyboard
while typing switching back and forth
between the screen and the keys can be
hard
backlight makes the keys more prominent
just make sure the letters are backlit
properly
not just the gaps between the keys
your eyes will get sore much less often
if there's no glare on the screen
turn your monitor away from all sources
of light
especially the sun as it might not only
make you uncomfortable
but also damage the screen with time
proper lighting is still important
though so if the overhead light
doesn't let you feel cozy get yourself a
desk lamp
if the screen is the only source of
light in your room your eyes will get
too strained after an hour or so
[Music]
don't forget to wipe and clean your
keyboard mouse and smartphone regularly
you touch them way too often and not
always with clean hands
many of us also eat behind our keyboards
yeah me too
so you'd be surprised at how much stuff
there is inside your keyboard
touch your face afterwards and say hi to
nasty health issues
crossing your legs feels so good when
you're sitting alive
but after some time one or even both of
your legs might fall asleep
you restrain the blood flow in your
upper leg from the knee down
and your lower one feels a lot more
pressure than usual
the habit of crossing your legs might
lead to problems with veins
standing or adjustable desks are gaining
popularity right now
instead of sitting all day long you can
raise your desk higher and stand up
this will give your legs a much needed
shift in activity
[Music]
also don't forget about the sound
headphones are better than earphones
because they don't get inside your ear
canals your eardrums don't like being
shaken too much
and if the source of the sound is too
close they can stretch or even snap
the worst types of earphones by the way
are droplets that get deep inside your
ears
they might give you the best quality of
sound and almost perfect sound proofing
but it happens at the cost of your
hearing in the long run
you'll also do good to buy yourself a
headset for talking on the phone
many of us have the habit of wedging the
phone between the neck and shoulder
and if you stay like that for a long
time you'll feel the consequences quite
soon
smartphones with bigger screens aren't
really convenient to use with one hand
that is if you don't switch to
one-handed mode
most newer phones have this feature
check how to turn it on
in the settings or default tips